feat: adding nekolight theme (a starship variant) (#655)
ohmybash/oh-my-bash: themes/nekolight/README.md

# NekoLight prompt theme

> Nekolight is a starship-based oh my bash prompt theme designed to be simple and lightweight.

Reviewer: What do you mean by "starship-based"?

Author: > What do you mean by "starship-based"?

This means that I was based on this theme when making 

https://github.com/starship/starship

Reviewer: But the architecture of Starship seems completely different. Did you take any part of the codes from the source code of Starship? Or did you actually mean "inspired by Starship"?

Author: > But the architecture of Starship seems completely different. Did you take any part of the codes from the source code of Starship? Or did you actually mean the appearance is "inspired by Starship"?

just the appearance, I don't know if there is any bash code in their repo...

Reviewer: We'd like to be precise about the copyright, and "based" would be not obvious whether it took something from the upstream or not. I'd suggest rephrasing as follows:

```suggestion
Nekolight is an Oh-My-Bash prompt theme inspired by Starship and designed to be simple and lightweight.
```

Author: > We'd like to be precise about the copyright, and "based" would be not obvious whether it took something from the upstream or not. I'd suggest rephrasing as follows:

A really good one, I committed

Reviewer: Thanks!

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![Nekolight theme](nekolight/nekolight-dark.jpg)

```

You can actually include an image in README.

## 🚀 Installation

Prerequisites

> - A Nerd Font installed and enabled in your terminal (for example, try the FiraCode Nerd Font).

Reviewer: I'd suggest including also a Powerline Font as an option. U+E0A0 as a branch icon is available in both Nerd Fonts and Powerline Fonts.

```suggestion
- A Nerd Font or Powerline Font installed and enabled in your terminal (for example, try the FiraCode Nerd Font).
```

# NekoLight prompt theme

Nekolight is an Oh-My-Bash prompt theme inspired by Starship and designed to be simple and lightweight.

> ![Nekolight theme](nekolight/nekolight-dark.jpg)

Reviewer: Hmm, the path needs to be adjusted.

```suggestion
![Nekolight theme](nekolight-dark.jpg)
```
